# Ian Anderson

## Working Group: Evolution
I attended April 7 at 11am: General CHAOSS Weekly Call and intend to attend April 8 at 9am CDT: Evolution Working Group

## Podcast reflections:
  In the first section of the podcast I found Matt's story about corporate involvement in open source project to be interesting. Open source projects seems like the sort of thing that would be difficult to manage and quality check to the level most companies would want. It is interesting to think about how corporations might go about being involved in open source projects. The other origin stories where interesting as well. hearing about how each of the different people viewed and interacted with CHOASS in their jobs and lives provided more insight into the purpose of the project. In particular the people seemed to emphasise the increasing importance and complexity of open source projects in recent times.
  In the next section of the podcast I found it interesting listening to how CHOASS started. It was interesting to hear that it started as something that was merely a disscusion topic that became something more simply by organizing those interested in it. It was cool to hear how these sorts of open source project can form. It was also interesting to hear about the different kinds of people who contribute to the project as well as the a little bit about some of the thought processes of those contributions.
  The last section of the podcast mainly talked about the podcast and goals related to the podcast. I found this section a little less interesting than the previous ones, but it still provided a little insight into the needs of a community like this one. In particular that comment about how the podcast was meant to capture the nuance made the need for something similar to the podcast more obvious. Hearing about thier goals for the podcast also provided a little insight into how these sort of groups plan and what they value.
