## Current state: 
The app is working in a very minimal capacity. It has an example survey and SSO capability. It is not as good as I would like it and would likely be a bit slow once it gets more results. However, it works as a demo and properly records and displays results. Each user can take the example survey then see the total results from other users. The same user can choose to take the survey again, but it will override their previous results.

## Future goal:
My goal it to create a basic survey app. This apps purpose is to allow the admin(me) to create various surveys which will be displayed on the webpage and will recieve user input and record the results. Thus the main purpose of the app is to record and display results of a basic survey from the users. To clarify, users will have the option to both take the survey as well as look at data results from that survey. I have achieved the bare minumum of this goal but would like that app to be better designed if I had more time. I would, for example, like to format the survey better so that it is easier to change. I would also like to fix the messy javascript that I cobbled together and make it better. In addition, I ran into several problems with sql that forced me to use work arounds that I don't consider to be efficient, and I would like to fix that as well.

## Audiences:
There could be considered to be two target audiences
- Survey collectors: people who wish to create their own web survey to collect information. In general this will require some codeing experience as creating new surveys on the app will likely not be user friendly enough for those with no coding experience. Thus this audience will be those who wish to collect survey results and also have the ability to admin the software.
- Survey takers: these are the regular users who visit the site. This could refer to anyone and would vary greatly depending on the content of the survey. In general this group would refer to the people the survey collectors wish to collect data from as well as people interesting in the data.
